Developer based documentation (#959)
solo-io/service-mesh-hub: DEVELOPERS.md

# Working with SMH APIs

> If you want to work with SMH created objects like `workloads`, `traffictargets` etc, you can use the SMH APIs to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to write a custom Kubernetes controller for SMH created objects like `workloads`, `traffictargets` etc, you can use the SMH APIs to do so.
```

Reviewer: It would also be great to highlight in this section that we welcome PRs for extending the built-in SMH discovery controller
